00:30
Earlier at 22:45 yesterday, I tried to induce an OBE.
I lay down on the sofa in my livingroom, pointed a fan at my head and tried not to move.
My legs were out straight and apart.
I lay on my back and my hands were on my stomach.
I lay there for about 10-15 minutes with my eyes closed and trying to relax my body, then I think I actually fell asleep.
However, some unknown span of time later, I drifted back into consciousness.
I did not move after coming back into consciousness.
I continued to lay there another 30-45 minutes, observing how my body felt.
Multiple times I felt a tingling sensation in my hands, almost like gentle vibrations.
The tingling sensation was not at all similar to the unpleasant, prickly feeling of a sleeping appendage waking up.
In the middle, I felt my body was weighed down almost entirely up to my node/mouth.
My jaw was sagging down and I felt some difficulty breathing.
It felt like my chin might be sagging and constricting my throat.
So, in an attempt to resolve the breathing difficulty, I moved the top of my head a bit over the edge of the sofa.
This elevated my chin and made the breathing less difficult.
However, the entire time, the heavy, lack of feeling sensation only ever came as high as my mouth.
I had to constantly expend mental effort to relax my eyes and keep them from moving around.
Two or three times, I felt that on the other side of my eyelids the light was brightening.
However, I didn't open my eyes to check.
No OBE today.

02:49
I'm not sleepy at all.
I watched some youtube videos by lucidology.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgJOMqIhvHM&playnext=1&list=PL9B7E58F670282B45
Evidentally, I made the below mistakes when I tried my OBE last time:
1) I put my hands on my stomach instead of beside my body. 
   Putting hands on your stomach seems to be an implicit signal to the body that the mind is still awake
2) I must keep my body completely still
3) Doing the stop, drop and roll method could help
4) Also, trying early in the morning (4:30-5:00) instead of at night would align better with necessary seratonin/cortisol levels

10:50:
I tried to induce an OBE again.
Almost fell asleep once, then I really did.
Good thing I set my alarm, otherwise I would have missed a lunch I scheduled.
I was startled when the alarm woke me and felt no sleep paralysis.
I should try to wake myself up with an alarm, not move at all, then lie still, alert and see if sleep paralysis occurs.

14:30ish
I tried again to induce, not an OBE, but simply "waking sleep paralysis".
Waking sleep paralysis is supposedly sort of the launching pad for OBEs.
It is a state in which the body has fallen asleep, but the mind is still awake.
In sleep paralysis, the body has actually paralyzed itself to keep a person from acting out his or her dreams.
From what I've read, people enter sleep paralysis multiple times a night.
The only reason we don't realize it is because our conscious mind is asleep also.
In order to assist in achieving sleep paralysis without losing complete consciousness permanently, I used a periodic timer.
The timer I selected is an iPhone/iPod Touch/iPad app simply called "Timer" by Francis Bonnin.
It is very helpful in that you can set relative or absolute timing, and the timers can loop repeatedly.
I set up a timer to chime every 15 minutes, looping infinitely.
I think that I was getting very close to the sleep paralysis mode, except my wife woke up and disturbed me.
When I woke up, my muscles felt very relaxed and a bit resistant to being moved.
I would almost call it a partial sleep paralysis.
Will try again a bit later or possibly around 4:30am tomorrow morning.

20:18-21:30
Tried again, this time with an empty home and no one else around.
I guess I not doing something right, because the bell/timer woke me up, but no sleep paralysis onset.
I'll keep trying.


